<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition 
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    template="../WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="page_name">Index</ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="test_goals">
        <p>
            Can I remove the JASPIC code from my application, and effectively split
            the application into two modules: A <code>-security</code> module which 
            has the JASPIC code and is responsible for generating my
            <code>Principal</code> and a <code>-web</code> module which declares 
            its security but has no knowledge of how the <code>Principal</code>
            gets created.
        </p>
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="test_results">
        <p>
            <b>Yes!</b>
        </p>
        <p>
           First, you need to deploy the <code>#{applicationController.securityTitle}</code>
           project.  This project has the JASPIC code and generates the <code>Principal</code>.     
        </p>
        <p>
            Second, keep reloading this page and tail the log file of the 
            <code>#{applicationController.securityTitle}</code> project. You'll notice
            that as this application's page is reloaded, all the JASPIC security code
            is executing.
        </p>
        <p>
            Third, click the links below.  You'll see that security is working just fine.
        </p>
        <p>
            The link below is to the <code>/customersupport/bad_support.xhtml</code>
            page.  This is a bad page because it attempts to call a method on the
            <code>ExecutiveContract</code> EJB which is protected by 
            <code>@RolesAllowed({"ExecutiveRole"})</code>.  Because I do not have
            that role, I get an <code>javax.ejb.EJBAccessException</code> error page. 
        </p>
        <p>
            <h:link value="Bad :( Customer Support page" outcome="/customersupport/bad_support" />
        </p>
        
        <p>
            However, the link below is to the <code>/customersupport/good_support.xhtml</code>
            page.  This is a good page because it attempts to call a method on the
            <code>CustomerSupportController</code> EJB which is protected by 
            <code>@RolesAllowed({"CustomerSupportRole"})</code>.  I have
            that role, so I get to see the page. 
        </p>
        <p>
            <h:link value="Good :) Customer Support page" outcome="/customersupport/good_support" />
        </p>
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="research_references">
    </ui:define>
    
    
    

</ui:composition>
